CUSTOMER
Customer details like name,mobile number and address stored in the system. To find the particular customer details search using customer name.
While making sales invoice select customer by their Name/ Phone Number.Assign Different Price List to different customer.

SUPPLIER
Supplier details like name,mobile number and address stored in the system. To find the particular supplier details search using supplier name.
Make payments to your supplier through Supplier Payment form. This helps you to pick up all due and pending payments.

PRODUCT
There are two options used to find the product details. One is search by barcode another one is search by product name.

PURCHASE
In purchasing process to select the product details by using search barcode or product name.
Fast inward entry, 
GST calculation,
 Automatic selling price update 
goods inward,
 verfiy &stock update, 
 

SALES
Choose customer base point occure on their sale amount. The sale details printed by thermal printer.

PURCHASE RETURN
Select the supplier name and select the product name and return the product. Product is return and the amount will be credit into shop.


SALES RETURN
Select the customer name and product name and return the sale. Product is return and the amount will be credit into customer.


PAYMENT

Payments can be received from customers while making credit sale.To find the particular payment details by using customer or supplier name.

RECEIPT
Receipt can be given to customers while making credit sale.Receive cash against pending invoices. 

Stock Management
Taking stock of the goods and keep tracking  is essential for every business whether it is a garment business or a restaurant or a grocery store one.

REPORT

 GST Payable,GST receivable  based report will be taken. you can take reports date,week,month and year wise of
 customers, suppliers, sales, purchases and many more…




Features:

Easy to get the product detail based on barcode scanner or search and get the product name.

Easy to get the customer points based on their sales information.

Easy to get the day by day sales report.

The customer details and product details is very secured.

Easy to search, filter, sort list the sales, purchase, sales return and purchase return report based on day, month ,year and name wise or bill number.

Reduce the record maintenance.

Computerized and customized bill will be provided for customer sale.

Easy to get the product availability.

Managing the stock availability on system based.

Billing
Detailed Stock Management
Tax Management / GST
Manufacturing/BOM
Barcode Scanning
Customized Reports 



